Generate some python code for a web application based game. In this game, a grid is placed on the screen. There are two players, each of which takes turns clicking on one corner of one square and then clicking on a neighbouring node. This should fill in that line of the square. Players score points by completely enclosing a square, which can be made up of any player's lines. When a player scores a point, it should be filled in with a specific graphic to designate whose square that belongs to. When a player scores a point, they get to take another turn, and so on. The winner is the player with the most points and the game ends once all the lines in the grid have been filled in. At the outset, there should be settings that the players can start the game, by choosing a graphic they want to represent them, and by choosing the n x n size of the grid. The grid should be scaled to fit wthin the window. The visuals of the website should be contemporary, smooth, and have an intuitive feel. I will be testing this code in the Pycharm ide, the application can be a mix of python, js, html, css and so on, whatever makes for the most simple implementation. Abstraction should be used where necessary for the logic of the underlying app, but there shouldn't be too many files/dependencies. Before generating the code, relay the requirements I've specified back to me. Then you should describe the implementation to me. Each file should be separated by its heading. After the code, explain to me how the implementation accords with the requirements.


Produce some simple python code to implement the game paddocks. There should be an interactive window, which displays a 10 x 10 grid. A player should be able to click on a line to fill it in, then its the next player's turn. When a player fills in the last line of a box in the grid, they score a point and the box fills in with their graphic. When players score a point, they get to have another turn straight away. The game ends when all the lines of the grid have been filled in, with the player with the most squares winning. Provide a simple implementation, keeping the amount of files to five or under. Before doing so, relay my requirements back to me. Each file should be separated by its heading. Any assumptions made in development should be stated after the fact.

Record an extra 30 minutes.